rcdlite()                   : beeplite.c 
makelite()                  : beeplite.c 
litedefaults()              : beeplite.c 
liteplanet()                : beeplite.c 
liteplayer()                : beeplite.c 
initSkipArray()             : censor.c 
initCensoring()             : censor.c 
censor()                    : censor.c 
check()                     : check.c 
getColorDefs()              : colors.c 
reset_game()                : cowmain.c 
terminate()                 : cowmain.c 
cowmain()                   : cowmain.c 
handle_exception()          : cowmain.c 
query_cowid()               : cowmain.c 
db_box()                    : dashboard.c 
db_redraw()                 : dashboard.c 
db_redraw_COW()             : dashboard.c 
db_redraw_krp()             : dashboard.c 
db_bar()                    : dashboard.c 
db_flags()                  : dashboard.c 
db_redraw_lab2()            : dashboard3.c 
updatedeath()               : death.c 
death()                     : death.c 
shipchange()                : defaults.c 
strncmpi()                  : defaults.c 
booleanDefault()            : defaults.c 
findDefaults()              : defaults.c 
findfile()                  : defaults.c 
initDefaults()              : defaults.c 
getdefault()                : defaults.c 
strcmpi()                   : defaults.c 
resetdefaults()             : defaults.c 
intDefault()                : defaults.c 
btoa()                      : defwin.c 
showdef()                   : defwin.c 
itos()                      : defwin.c 
condmacro()                 : distress.c 
itoa2()                     : distress.c 
Dist2Mesg()                 : distress.c 
solvetest()                 : distress.c 
makedistress()              : distress.c 
HandleGenDistr()            : distress.c 
testmacro()                 : distress.c 
strcap()                    : distress.c 
skipmacro()                 : distress.c 
nothing()                   : dmessage.c 
CheckFeatures()             : dmessage.c 
instr()                     : dmessage.c 
sendVersion()               : dmessage.c 
dmessage()                  : dmessage.c 
showxtrekrc()               : docwin.c 
loaddocs()                  : docwin.c 
loadxtrekrc()               : docwin.c 
showdocs()                  : docwin.c 
drawTstats()                : enter.c 
init_hockey_lines()         : enter.c 
enter()                     : enter.c 
openmem()                   : enter.c 
sendFeature()               : feature.c 
handleFeature()             : feature.c 
reportFeatures()            : feature.c 
checkFeature()              : feature.c 
findslot()                  : findslot.c 
mapWaitWin()                : findslot.c 
mapWaitCount()              : findslot.c 
mapWaitMotdButton()         : findslot.c 
mapWaitQuit()               : findslot.c 
noserver()                  : getname.c 
checkpassword()             : getname.c 
makeNewGuy()                : getname.c 
getname()                   : getname.c 
noautologin()               : getname.c 
adjustString()              : getname.c 
loaddude()                  : getname.c 
loginproced()               : getname.c 
showreadme()                : getname.c 
displayStartup()            : getname.c 
getshipdefaults()           : getship.c 
getship()                   : getship.c 
update_Help_to_Keymap()     : helpwin.c 
fillhelp()                  : helpwin.c 
inform()                    : inform.c 
destroyInfo()               : inform.c 
mstime()                    : interface.c 
cloak_off()                 : interface.c 
cloak_on()                  : interface.c 
msetime()                   : interface.c 
beam_down()                 : interface.c 
beam_up()                   : interface.c 
shield_down()               : interface.c 
shield_tog()                : interface.c 
shield_up()                 : interface.c 
cloak()                     : interface.c 
bomb_planet()               : interface.c 
repeat_message()            : interface.c 
repair_off()                : interface.c 
repair()                    : interface.c 
set_course()                : interface.c 
run_clock()                 : interface.c 
updateLMeter()              : lagmeter.c 
redrawLMeter()              : lagmeter.c 
lMeterWidth()               : lagmeter.c 
lMeterBox()                 : lagmeter.c 
DrawPlasmaTorps()           : local.c 
local()                     : local.c 
clearLocal()                : local.c 
filldist()                  : macrowin.c 
fillmacro()                 : macrowin.c 
switchmacros()              : macrowin.c 
formatline()                : macrowin.c 
showMacroWin()              : macrowin.c 
printUsage()                : main.c 
initPlanets()               : map.c 
map()                       : map.c 
pigcallresp()               : mkcflags.c 
scan_array_element()        : mkkey.c 
num_to_raw()                : mkkey.c 
rand_raw()                  : mkkey.c 
verify_key()                : mkkey.c 
get_array()                 : mkkey.c 
kgetkey()                   : mkkey.c 
raw_to_num()                : mkkey.c 
kgetstr()                   : mkkey.c 
gen_key()                   : mkkey.c 
gen_rsa_sequence()          : mkkey.c 
kgetkeyname()               : mkkey.c 
ns_do_stat()                : netstat.c 
ns_get_lstat()              : netstat.c 
ns_get_nfailures()          : netstat.c 
ns_get_nfthresh()           : netstat.c 
ns_get_nfthresh_s()         : netstat.c 
ns_get_tstat()              : netstat.c 
ns_init()                   : netstat.c 
ns_record_update()          : netstat.c 
ns_set_nfthresh()           : netstat.c 
ns_set_nfthresh_s()         : netstat.c 
nsaction()                  : netstatopt.c 
nsdone()                    : netstatopt.c 
nsrefresh()                 : netstatopt.c 
Key87()                     : newinput.c 
Key86()                     : newinput.c 
Key85()                     : newinput.c 
Key84()                     : newinput.c 
Key83()                     : newinput.c 
Key82()                     : newinput.c 
Key81()                     : newinput.c 
initinput()                 : newinput.c 
initkeymap()                : newinput.c 
Key80()                     : newinput.c 
Key79()                     : newinput.c 
Key78()                     : newinput.c 
input()                     : newinput.c 
Key77()                     : newinput.c 
Key76()                     : newinput.c 
Key75()                     : newinput.c 
Key74()                     : newinput.c 
Key73()                     : newinput.c 
Key72()                     : newinput.c 
Key71()                     : newinput.c 
Key70()                     : newinput.c 
Key69()                     : newinput.c 
Key100()                    : newinput.c 
Key101()                    : newinput.c 
Key68()                     : newinput.c 
Key67()                     : newinput.c 
Key66()                     : newinput.c 
Key102()                    : newinput.c 
Key88()                     : newinput.c 
Key65()                     : newinput.c 
Key64()                     : newinput.c 
Key63()                     : newinput.c 
process_event()             : newinput.c 
getctrlkey()                : newinput.c 
Key99()                     : newinput.c 
Key98()                     : newinput.c 
Key97()                     : newinput.c 
Key96()                     : newinput.c 
Key95()                     : newinput.c 
Key94()                     : newinput.c 
Key93()                     : newinput.c 
Key62()                     : newinput.c 
Key92()                     : newinput.c 
Key91()                     : newinput.c 
Key61()                     : newinput.c 
Key60()                     : newinput.c 
Key59()                     : newinput.c 
Key58()                     : newinput.c 
Key57()                     : newinput.c 
Key103()                    : newinput.c 
Key90()                     : newinput.c 
Key104()                    : newinput.c 
Key105()                    : newinput.c 
Key56()                     : newinput.c 
Key55()                     : newinput.c 
Key54()                     : newinput.c 
Key53()                     : newinput.c 
Key52()                     : newinput.c 
Key89()                     : newinput.c 
Key51()                     : newinput.c 
Key50()                     : newinput.c 
Key49()                     : newinput.c 
Key48()                     : newinput.c 
Key47()                     : newinput.c 
Key106()                    : newinput.c 
Key107()                    : newinput.c 
Key108()                    : newinput.c 
Key46()                     : newinput.c 
Key45()                     : newinput.c 
getcourse()                 : newinput.c 
mkeyaction()                : newinput.c 
Key44()                     : newinput.c 
keyaction()                 : newinput.c 
Key43()                     : newinput.c 
Key42()                     : newinput.c 
Key41()                     : newinput.c 
Key40()                     : newinput.c 
Key39()                     : newinput.c 
scan()                      : newinput.c 
Key109()                    : newinput.c 
Key38()                     : newinput.c 
Key37()                     : newinput.c 
Key36()                     : newinput.c 
Key110()                    : newinput.c 
Key35()                     : newinput.c 
Key34()                     : newinput.c 
Key33()                     : newinput.c 
Key32()                     : newinput.c 
Key212()                    : newinput.c 
Key208()                    : newinput.c 
Key207()                    : newinput.c 
Key206()                    : newinput.c 
buttonaction()              : newinput.c 
Key111()                    : newinput.c 
Key205()                    : newinput.c 
Key204()                    : newinput.c 
Key200()                    : newinput.c 
macro_on()                  : newinput.c 
Key112()                    : newinput.c 
Key113()                    : newinput.c 
Key198()                    : newinput.c 
Key197()                    : newinput.c 
Key195()                    : newinput.c 
Key194()                    : newinput.c 
lockPlanetOrBase()          : newinput.c 
Key180()                    : newinput.c 
Key175()                    : newinput.c 
Key163()                    : newinput.c 
Key162()                    : newinput.c 
Key160()                    : newinput.c 
Key153()                    : newinput.c 
Key152()                    : newinput.c 
Key151()                    : newinput.c 
Key150()                    : newinput.c 
Key149()                    : newinput.c 
Key148()                    : newinput.c 
Key147()                    : newinput.c 
Key146()                    : newinput.c 
Key145()                    : newinput.c 
Key144()                    : newinput.c 
Key131()                    : newinput.c 
Key127()                    : newinput.c 
Key126()                    : newinput.c 
Key114()                    : newinput.c 
Key125()                    : newinput.c 
reread_defaults()           : newinput.c 
Key124()                    : newinput.c 
detmine()                   : newinput.c 
detsetallow()               : newinput.c 
Key123()                    : newinput.c 
Key122()                    : newinput.c 
doMacro()                   : newinput.c 
Key115()                    : newinput.c 
Key121()                    : newinput.c 
Key116()                    : newinput.c 
Key120()                    : newinput.c 
Key117()                    : newinput.c 
Key119()                    : newinput.c 
emptyKey()                  : newinput.c 
Key118()                    : newinput.c 
redrawQuit()                : newwin.c 
entrywindow()               : newwin.c 
drawIcon()                  : newwin.c 
ClearMotd()                 : newwin.c 
deadTeam()                  : newwin.c 
getResources()              : newwin.c 
realNumShips()              : newwin.c 
getTiles()                  : newwin.c 
mapAll()                    : newwin.c 
savebitmaps()               : newwin.c 
newMotdLine()               : newwin.c 
redrawTeam()                : newwin.c 
newwin()                    : newwin.c 
showMotd()                  : newwin.c 
showTimeLeft()              : newwin.c 
showValues()                : newwin.c 
numShips()                  : newwin.c 
teamRequest()               : newwin.c 
checkBold()                 : newwin.c 
AddOptMenu()                : option.c 
InitOptionMenus()           : option.c 
NumOptions()                : option.c 
OptionClear()               : option.c 
RefreshOptions()            : option.c 
SetMenuPage()               : option.c 
UpdateOptions()             : option.c 
optionwindow()              : option.c 
optionaction()              : option.c 
optiondone()                : option.c 
optionredrawoption()        : option.c 
optionredrawtarget()        : option.c 
optionrefresh()             : option.c 
metawindow()                : parsemeta.c 
parsemeta()                 : parsemeta.c 
metainput()                 : parsemeta.c 
metaaction()                : parsemeta.c 
calc_lag()                  : ping.c 
sendServerPingResponse()    : ping.c 
handlePing()                : ping.c 
stopPing()                  : ping.c 
startPing()                 : ping.c 
initPStats()                : pingstats.c 
pStatsWidth()               : pingstats.c 
pStatsHeight()              : pingstats.c 
redrawPStats()              : pingstats.c 
updatePStats()              : pingstats.c 
planetlist()                : planetlist.c 
ckRecordPacket()            : playback.c 
readFromFile()              : playback.c 
pblockplayer()              : playback.c 
pblockplanet()              : playback.c 
pbmain()                    : playback.c 
pbsetspeed()                : playback.c 
PlistMaxWidth()             : playerlist.c 
InitPlayerList()            : playerlist.c 
RedrawPlayerList()          : playerlist.c 
UpdatePlistFn()             : playerlist.c 
srandom()                   : random.c 
random()                    : random.c 
main()                      : randomize.c 
ranklist()                  : ranklist.c 
intrupt()                   : redraw.c 
redraw()                    : redraw.c 
redrawTstats()              : redraw.c 
updateMaxStats()            : redraw.c 
stline()                    : redraw.c 
makeReservedPacket()        : reserved.c 
encryptReservedPacket()     : reserved.c 
rint()                      : rint.c 
rotate_coord()              : rotate.c 
handler()                   : rotate.c 
loaddistress()              : senddist.c 
pmacro()                    : senddist.c 
emergency()                 : senddist.c 
ssrandom()                  : setstate.c 
setstate()                  : setstate.c 
rrandom()                   : setstate.c 
initstate()                 : setstate.c 
sendShortReq()              : short.c 
handleSelfShort()           : short.c 
handleShortReply()          : short.c 
sendThreshold()             : short.c 
handleSelfShip()            : short.c 
resetWeaponInfo()           : short.c 
handleVTorpInfo()           : short.c 
handleVTorp()               : short.c 
add_whydead()               : short.c 
handleSWarning()            : short.c 
handleSMessage()            : short.c 
handleVPlayer()             : short.c 
handleVPlanet()             : short.c 
handleVPhaser()             : short.c 
handleVKills()              : short.c 
handle_s_Stats()            : short.c 
new_flags()                 : short.c 
DisplayMessage()            : smessage.c 
BlankChar()                 : smessage.c 
message_hold()              : smessage.c 
getgroup()                  : smessage.c 
message_off()               : smessage.c 
getaddr2()                  : smessage.c 
getaddr()                   : smessage.c 
DrawCursor()                : smessage.c 
message_on()                : smessage.c 
smessage()                  : smessage.c 
pnbtmacro()                 : smessage.c 
pmessage()                  : smessage.c 
AddChar()                   : smessage.c 
dummy()                     : socket.c 
doRead()                    : socket.c 
readFromServer()            : socket.c 
connectToServer()           : socket.c 
closeUdpConn()              : socket.c 
recvUdpConn()               : socket.c 
resetForce()                : socket.c 
isServerDead()              : socket.c 
checkForce()                : socket.c 
getvpsize()                 : socket.c 
gwrite()                    : socket.c 
callServer()                : socket.c 
handleBadVersion()          : socket.c 
Dump_Packet_Log_Info()      : socket.c 
handlePickok()              : socket.c 
handleFlags()               : socket.c 
handleHostile()             : socket.c 
handleKills()               : socket.c 
handleLogin()               : socket.c 
sendDetMineReq()            : socket.c 
sendLoginReq()              : socket.c 
handleMask()                : socket.c 
handleMessage()             : socket.c 
handleMotd()                : socket.c 
sendMessage()               : socket.c 
sendOptionsPacket()         : socket.c 
sendRepressReq()            : socket.c 
sendServerPacket()          : socket.c 
sendShortPacket()           : socket.c 
handlePStatus()             : socket.c 
sendTeamReq()               : socket.c 
handleWarning()             : socket.c 
handleUdpReply()            : socket.c 
handleTorpInfo()            : socket.c 
sendTractorReq()            : socket.c 
sendUdpReq()                : socket.c 
sendUpdatePacket()          : socket.c 
handleTorp()                : socket.c 
handleStatus()              : socket.c 
handleStats()               : socket.c 
socketPause()               : socket.c 
Log_OPacket()               : socket.c 
Log_Packet()                : socket.c 
printUdpInfo()              : socket.c 
handleShipCap()             : socket.c 
handleSequence()            : socket.c 
handleSelf()                : socket.c 
handleReserved()            : socket.c 
handleRSAKey()              : socket.c 
strcpy_return()             : socket.c 
strcpyp_return()            : socket.c 
handleQueue()               : socket.c 
openUdpConn()               : socket.c 
handlePlyrLogin()           : socket.c 
handlePlyrInfo()            : socket.c 
pickSocket()                : socket.c 
handlePlayer()              : socket.c 
handlePlasmaInfo()          : socket.c 
handlePlasma()              : socket.c 
handlePlanetLoc()           : socket.c 
handlePlanet()              : socket.c 
handlePhaser()              : socket.c 
dotimers()                  : socket.c 
soundaction()               : sound.c 
sprefresh()                 : spopt.c 
spdone()                    : spopt.c 
spaction()                  : spopt.c 
spwindow()                  : spopt.c 
redrawStats()               : stats.c 
initStats()                 : stats.c 
updateStats()               : stats.c 
box()                       : stats.c 
calibrate_stats()           : stats.c 
strdup()                    : strdup.c 
itoapad()                   : string_util.c 
format()                    : string_util.c 
ftoa()                      : string_util.c 
showToolsWin()              : tools.c 
sendTools()                 : tools.c 
udpdone()                   : udpopt.c 
udpaction()                 : udpopt.c 
udpwindow()                 : udpopt.c 
udprefresh()                : udpopt.c 
troop_capacity()            : util.c 
angdist()                   : util.c 
gettarget2()                : util.c 
gettarget()                 : util.c 
fillwin()                   : war.c 
warrefresh()                : war.c 
warwindow()                 : war.c 
waraction()                 : war.c 
warning()                   : warning.c 
redrawMenu()                : x11window.c 
pastebuffer()               : x11window.c 
newWindow()                 : x11window.c 
init_tts()                  : x11window.c 
find_font()                 : x11window.c 
findWindow()                : x11window.c 
findMouseInWin()            : x11window.c 
findMouse()                 : x11window.c 
deleteWindow()              : x11window.c 
checkParent()               : x11window.c 
checkMappedPref()           : x11window.c 
checkMapped()               : x11window.c 
checkFont()                 : x11window.c 
changeMenuItem()            : x11window.c 
addToHash()                 : x11window.c 
_myerror()                  : x11window.c 
W_WriteTriangle()           : x11window.c 
W_WriteText()               : x11window.c 
W_WriteTTSText()            : x11window.c 
W_WriteBitmap()             : x11window.c 
W_WindowWidth()             : x11window.c 
W_WindowHeight()            : x11window.c 
W_WarpPointer()             : x11window.c 
W_UnmapWindow()             : x11window.c 
W_UnTileWindow()            : x11window.c 
W_TileWindow()              : x11window.c 
W_TTSTextWidth()            : x11window.c 
W_TTSTextHeight()           : x11window.c 
W_StoreBitmap()             : x11window.c 
W_SpNextEvent()             : x11window.c 
W_Socket()                  : x11window.c 
W_SetWindowName()           : x11window.c 
W_SetWindowKeyUpHandler()   : x11window.c 
W_SetWindowKeyDownHandler() : x11window.c 
W_SetWindowExposeHandler()  : x11window.c 
W_SetWindowButtonHandler()  : x11window.c 
W_SetTransientForHint()     : x11window.c 
W_SetSensitive()            : x11window.c 
W_SetIconWindow()           : x11window.c 
W_ResizeWindow()            : x11window.c 
W_ResizeTextWindow()        : x11window.c 
W_RenameWindow()            : x11window.c 
W_ReadEvents()              : x11window.c 
W_OverlayBitmap()           : x11window.c 
redrawMenuItem()            : x11window.c 
W_Mono()                    : x11window.c 
W_MaskText()                : x11window.c 
W_MapWindow()               : x11window.c 
W_MakeWindow()              : x11window.c 
W_MakeTractLine()           : x11window.c 
W_MakeTextWindow()          : x11window.c 
W_MakeScrollingWindow()     : x11window.c 
W_MakePhaserLine()          : x11window.c 
W_MakeMenu()                : x11window.c 
W_MakeLine()                : x11window.c 
W_LoadBitmap()              : x11window.c 
W_IsMapped()                : x11window.c 
W_Initialize()              : x11window.c 
W_GetWindowKeyUpHandler()   : x11window.c 
W_GetWindowKeyDownHandler() : x11window.c 
W_GetWindowExposeHandler()  : x11window.c 
W_GetWindowButtonHandler()  : x11window.c 
W_FlushScrollingWindow()    : x11window.c 
W_FlushLineCaches()         : x11window.c 
W_FlushClearAreaCache()     : x11window.c 
W_Flush()                   : x11window.c 
W_FillArea()                : x11window.c 
W_EventsQueuedCk()          : x11window.c 
W_EventsQueued()            : x11window.c 
W_EventsPending()           : x11window.c 
W_EraseTTSText()            : x11window.c 
W_DestroyWindow()           : x11window.c 
W_DefineWarningCursor()     : x11window.c 
W_DefineTrekCursor()        : x11window.c 
W_DefineTextCursor()        : x11window.c 
W_DefineRomCursor()         : x11window.c 
W_DefineOriCursor()         : x11window.c 
W_DefineMapcursor()         : x11window.c 
W_DefineLocalcursor()       : x11window.c 
W_DefineKliCursor()         : x11window.c 
W_DefineFedCursor()         : x11window.c 
W_DefineCursor()            : x11window.c 
W_DefineArrowCursor()       : x11window.c 
W_ClearWindow()             : x11window.c 
W_ClearArea()               : x11window.c 
W_ChangeBorder()            : x11window.c 
W_CacheLine()               : x11window.c 
W_CacheClearArea()          : x11window.c 
W_Beep()                    : x11window.c 
W_NextEvent()               : x11window.c 
GetFonts()                  : x11window.c 
GetColors()                 : x11window.c 
