recordFileName              : cowmain.c 
passive                     : cowmain.c 
logFileName                 : cowmain.c 
isFirstEntry                : cowmain.c 
takeNearest                 : cowmain.c 
env                         : cowmain.c 
display_host                : cowmain.c 
died_from_signal            : cowmain.c 
deffile                     : cowmain.c 
defaulttmp                  : cowmain.c 
checking                    : cowmain.c 
usemeta                     : cowmain.c 
MacroMode                   : data.c 
MacroNum                    : data.c 
why_dead                    : data.c 
weaponUpdate                : data.c 
warnw                       : data.c 
warntimer                   : data.c 
warningColor                : data.c 
warncount                   : data.c 
warnShields                 : data.c 
war                         : data.c 
w                           : data.c 
vary_hull                   : data.c 
user_motion_thresh          : data.c 
ROMVLVS                     : data.c 
ROMVLVS_bitmap              : data.c 
RSA_Client                  : data.c 
SBhours                     : data.c 
wwwlink                     : data.c 
use_tng_fed_bitmaps         : data.c 
UseLite                     : data.c 
UseNewDistress              : data.c 
UseNewMacro                 : data.c 
UseSmartMacro               : data.c 
VShieldBitmaps              : data.c 
use_control_key             : data.c 
upgradeURL                  : data.c 
updatespeed                 : data.c 
universe                    : data.c 
unColor                     : data.c 
udpWin                      : data.c 
udpTotal                    : data.c 
udpSock                     : data.c 
udpSequenceChk              : data.c 
udpRecentDropped            : data.c 
udpDropped                  : data.c 
udpDebug                    : data.c 
udpClientSend               : data.c 
udpClientRecv               : data.c 
udcounter                   : data.c 
tts_width                   : data.c 
tts_timer                   : data.c 
tts_time                    : data.c 
tts_pos                     : data.c 
tts_max_len                 : data.c 
tts_len                     : data.c 
tstatw                      : data.c 
tryUdp1                     : data.c 
tryUdp                      : data.c 
tryShort1                   : data.c 
tryShort                    : data.c 
tractbits                   : data.c 
autoKey                     : data.c 
b1_as_shift                 : data.c 
b2_as_shift                 : data.c 
b3_as_shift                 : data.c 
backColor                   : data.c 
baseUdpLocalPort            : data.c 
baseWin                     : data.c 
beep_lite_cycle_time_planet : data.c 
beep_lite_cycle_time_player : data.c 
tournMask                   : data.c 
borderColor                 : data.c 
bplanets                    : data.c 
bplanets2                   : data.c 
bplanets3                   : data.c 
bplanets4                   : data.c 
torps                       : data.c 
buttonmap                   : data.c 
censorMessages              : data.c 
F_ship_cap                  : data.c 
toolsWin                    : data.c 
classes                     : data.c 
cloakChars                  : data.c 
tng_fed_bitmaps             : data.c 
cloakicon                   : data.c 
clockpic                    : data.c 
cloud                       : data.c 
title                       : data.c 
commMode                    : data.c 
commModeReq                 : data.c 
commStatus                  : data.c 
commSwitchTimeout           : data.c 
continuetractor             : data.c 
timerDelay                  : data.c 
theirPhaserShrink           : data.c 
deathmessage                : data.c 
debug                       : data.c 
defWin                      : data.c 
textColor                   : data.c 
testdata                    : data.c 
defaultsFile                : data.c 
F_self_8flags2              : data.c 
F_self_8flags               : data.c 
defpasswd                   : data.c 
delay                       : data.c 
teamshort                   : data.c 
F_feature_packets           : data.c 
F_cloak_maxwarp             : data.c 
dist_defaults               : data.c 
dist_prefered               : data.c 
distlite                    : data.c 
distmacro                   : data.c 
docwin                      : data.c 
teamlet                     : data.c 
emph_planet_seq             : data.c 
emph_planet_seq_n           : data.c 
emph_player_seq             : data.c 
emph_player_seq_n           : data.c 
emph_player_seql            : data.c 
teamWin                     : data.c 
enemyPhasers                : data.c 
F_beeplite_flags            : data.c 
eplasmatorp                 : data.c 
etorp                       : data.c 
expview                     : data.c 
extended_mouse              : data.c 
extraBorder                 : data.c 
fastQuit                    : data.c 
tcounter                    : data.c 
fed_bitmaps                 : data.c 
DefLite                     : data.c 
stipple                     : data.c 
foreColor                   : data.c 
gColor                      : data.c 
statwin                     : data.c 
gen_distress                : data.c 
ghost_pno                   : data.c 
ghoststart                  : data.c 
status                      : data.c 
spWin                       : data.c 
helpWin                     : data.c 
sounddir                    : data.c 
highlightFriendlyPhasers    : data.c 
hockey_s_lines              : data.c 
hull                        : data.c 
icon                        : data.c 
iconWin                     : data.c 
ignoreCaps                  : data.c 
ignore_signals              : data.c 
ind_bitmaps                 : data.c 
infomapped                  : data.c 
infow                       : data.c 
yColor                      : data.c 
xdisplay_name               : data.c 
keepInfo                    : data.c 
sound_init                  : data.c 
keeppeace                   : data.c 
soundWin                    : data.c 
sizedist                    : data.c 
singleMacro                 : data.c 
keys                        : data.c 
kli_bitmaps                 : data.c 
lMeter                      : data.c 
lastIn                      : data.c 
lastMessage                 : data.c 
lastRank                    : data.c 
lastcount                   : data.c 
lastm                       : data.c 
shrinkPhaserOnMiss          : data.c 
liteflag                    : data.c 
localflags                  : data.c 
showlocal                   : data.c 
logFile                     : data.c 
xtrekPort                   : data.c 
showgalactic                : data.c 
loggedIn                    : data.c 
login                       : data.c 
loginAccept                 : data.c 
logmess                     : data.c 
showTractorPressor          : data.c 
showTractor                 : data.c 
macro                       : data.c 
macroKeys                   : data.c 
macroWin                    : data.c 
macrocnt                    : data.c 
mapw                        : data.c 
maskrecip                   : data.c 
max_fd                      : data.c 
maxdoclines                 : data.c 
maxxtrekrclines             : data.c 
mbplanets                   : data.c 
mbplanets2                  : data.c 
mbplanets3                  : data.c 
mbplanets4                  : data.c 
mctl                        : data.c 
mdisplayed                  : data.c 
me                          : data.c 
messHoldThresh              : data.c 
messMouseDelta              : data.c 
messageHUD                  : data.c 
messageon                   : data.c 
messages                    : data.c 
messagew                    : data.c 
messpend                    : data.c 
messtime                    : data.c 
messwa                      : data.c 
messwi                      : data.c 
messwk                      : data.c 
messwt                      : data.c 
metaWin                     : data.c 
showStats                   : data.c 
metaport                    : data.c 
metaserver                  : data.c 
motion_mouse                : data.c 
motion_mouse_enablable      : data.c 
motion_mouse_steering       : data.c 
mouse_as_shift              : data.c 
mplasmatorp                 : data.c 
msgBeep                     : data.c 
mtorp                       : data.c 
multiline_enabled           : data.c 
mustexit                    : data.c 
myColor                     : data.c 
showPlanetOwner             : data.c 
showPhaser                  : data.c 
myname                      : data.c 
showLock                    : data.c 
myship                      : data.c 
showIND                     : data.c 
shipvals                    : data.c 
mystats                     : data.c 
shipnos                     : data.c 
namemode                    : data.c 
netstat                     : data.c 
netstatWin                  : data.c 
netstatfreq                 : data.c 
newDashboard                : data.c 
newPlist                    : data.c 
nextSocket                  : data.c 
niftyNewMessages            : data.c 
shipCol                     : data.c 
noinfoplanet                : data.c 
normal_s_lines              : data.c 
shield                      : data.c 
shelltools                  : data.c 
serverName                  : data.c 
old_db                      : data.c 
oldalert                    : data.c 
scanwin                     : data.c 
optionWin                   : data.c 
ori_bitmaps                 : data.c 
outmessage                  : data.c 
scanw                       : data.c 
pStats                      : data.c 
scanplayer                  : data.c 
packets_received            : data.c 
packets_sent                : data.c 
scanmapped                  : data.c 
sbexpview                   : data.c 
xtrekrcwin                  : data.c 
s_lines                     : data.c 
phaserShowStats             : data.c 
phaserShrink                : data.c 
rotate_deg                  : data.c 
phaserStatHit               : data.c 
phaserStatTry               : data.c 
phaserWindow                : data.c 
phasers                     : data.c 
phaserwin                   : data.c 
pickOk                      : data.c 
ping                        : data.c 
rotate                      : data.c 
rom_bitmaps                 : data.c 
reviewWin                   : data.c 
reportKills                 : data.c 
remap                       : data.c 
releaseURL                  : data.c 
rejectMacro                 : data.c 
pl_update                   : data.c 
planets                     : data.c 
planetw                     : data.c 
plasmacloud                 : data.c 
plasmatorps                 : data.c 
playback                    : data.c 
players                     : data.c 
playerw                     : data.c 
reinitPlanets               : data.c 
redrawDelay                 : data.c 
recv_warn                   : data.c 
recv_threshold_s            : data.c 
recv_threshold              : data.c 
pressbits                   : data.c 
promoted                    : data.c 
pseudo                      : data.c 
queuePos                    : data.c 
quittime                    : data.c 
qwin                        : data.c 
rColor                      : data.c 
recv_short                  : data.c 
recv_mesg                   : data.c 
recv_kmesg                  : data.c 
ranks                       : data.c 
rankw                       : data.c 
rcm_msg                     : data.c 
rdelay                      : data.c 
recordFile                  : data.c 
sound_toggle                : data.c 
deathFont                   : death.c 
myshipdef                   : defaults.c 
myshiptype                  : defaults.c 
shipdefaults                : defaults.c 
defaults                    : defaults.c 
cloak_chars                 : defwin.c 
bmap                        : defwin.c 
name                        : defwin.c 
keymap                      : defwin.c 
ckeymap                     : defwin.c 
plist                       : defwin.c 
pappend                     : distress.c 
features                    : feature.c 
help_message                : helpwin.c 
opened_info                 : input.c 
maclevel                    : macrowin.c 
lineno                      : macrowin.c 
maclines                    : macrowin.c 
servertmp                   : main.c 
redrawPlayer                : map.c 
redrawall                   : map.c 
rand_state1                 : mkkey.c 
rand_state                  : mkkey.c 
rand_state2                 : mkkey.c 
detallow                    : newinput.c 
key                         : newinput.c 
key_handlers                : newinput.c 
target                      : newinput.c 
MaxMotdLine                 : newwin.c 
enPhasRng                   : option.c 
Menus_Range                 : option.c 
Ship_Menu                   : option.c 
notdone                     : option.c 
MenuPages                   : option.c 
Planet_Menu                 : option.c 
rotatemess                  : option.c 
localmes                    : option.c 
phaserShrinkRng             : option.c 
MaxOptions                  : option.c 
FirstMenu                   : option.c 
Control_Menu                : option.c 
redraw_updates_range        : option.c 
Window_Menu                 : option.c 
galacticmes                 : option.c 
CurrentMenu                 : option.c 
keepInfo_range              : option.c 
Visual_Menu                 : option.c 
updates_range               : option.c 
MenuPage                    : option.c 
statusStrings               : parsemeta.c 
metaWindowName              : parsemeta.c 
serverlist                  : parsemeta.c 
defaultStatLevel            : parsemeta.c 
num_servers                 : parsemeta.c 
ping_tloss_sc               : ping.c 
ping_sd                     : ping.c 
ping_av                     : ping.c 
ping_tloss_cs               : ping.c 
ping_iloss_cs               : ping.c 
ping_lag                    : ping.c 
ping_iloss_sc               : ping.c 
dummyme                     : playback.c 
pbdelay                     : playback.c 
updatePlayer                : playerlist.c 
plistReorder                : playerlist.c 
plistUpdated                : playerlist.c 
sortPlayers                 : playerlist.c 
sortMyTeamFirst             : playerlist.c 
plistStyle                  : playerlist.c 
plistCustomLayout           : playerlist.c 
partitionPlist              : playerlist.c 
no_memory                   : short.c 
spwinside                   : short.c 
spgwidth                    : short.c 
daemon_texts                : short.c 
whydeadmess                 : short.c 
Ply                         : short.c 
vari_texts                  : short.c 
Plx                         : short.c 
w_texts                     : short.c 
my_x                        : short.c 
my_y                        : short.c 
Pgy                         : short.c 
shiptype                    : short.c 
Pgx                         : short.c 
s_texte                     : short.c 
Pdir                        : short.c 
Sin                         : sintab.c 
Cos                         : sintab.c 
log_packets                 : socket.c 
shortversion                : socket.c 
ALL_BYTES                   : socket.c 
buf                         : socket.c 
sizes                       : socket.c 
numofbits                   : socket.c 
serverDead                  : socket.c 
vtisize                     : socket.c 
outpacket_log               : socket.c 
packet_log                  : socket.c 
handlers                    : socket.c 
W_FastClear                 : x11window.c 
W_Display                   : x11window.c 
W_Cyan                      : x11window.c 
W_Colormap                  : x11window.c 
W_Fed                       : x11window.c 
W_Green                     : x11window.c 
W_Black                     : x11window.c 
W_BigFont                   : x11window.c 
W_Grey                      : x11window.c 
W_HighlightFont             : x11window.c 
W_Ind                       : x11window.c 
W_Kli                       : x11window.c 
W_Ori                       : x11window.c 
W_Red                       : x11window.c 
W_RegularFont               : x11window.c 
W_Rom                       : x11window.c 
W_Root                      : x11window.c 
W_Screen                    : x11window.c 
W_Textheight                : x11window.c 
W_Textwidth                 : x11window.c 
W_UnderlineFont             : x11window.c 
W_Visual                    : x11window.c 
W_White                     : x11window.c 
W_Yellow                    : x11window.c 
W_in_message                : x11window.c 
colortable                  : x11window.c 
forceMono                   : x11window.c 
hashtable                   : x11window.c 
insens_tile                 : x11window.c 
myroot                      : x11window.c 
fonts                       : x11window.c 
xclrs                       : xclrs.h
