struct shm_sound           : audio.h 
profanity                  : censor.c 
struct stringlist          : defaults.c 
struct def                 : defwin.c 
struct feature             : feature.c 
MPTYPE                     : mkkey.c 
key_handler_type           : newinput.c 
struct list                : newwin.c 
struct option              : option.c 
struct option_menu         : option.c 
struct int_range           : option.c 
struct war_cpacket         : packets.h 
struct warning_s_spacket   : packets.h 
struct updates_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct you_spacket         : packets.h 
struct warning_spacket     : packets.h 
struct udp_req_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct udp_reply_spacket   : packets.h 
struct tractor_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct youshort_spacket    : packets.h 
struct torp_spacket        : packets.h 
struct torp_s_spacket      : packets.h 
struct torp_info_spacket   : packets.h 
struct torp_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct threshold_cpacket   : packets.h 
struct status_spacket      : packets.h 
struct stats_spacket       : packets.h 
struct stats_s_spacket     : packets.h 
struct speed_cpacket       : packets.h 
struct socket_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct shortreq_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct shortreply_spacket  : packets.h 
struct badversion_spacket  : packets.h 
struct beam_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct bomb_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct bye_cpacket         : packets.h 
struct cloak_cpacket       : packets.h 
struct copilot_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct coup_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct det_mytorp_cpacket  : packets.h 
struct det_torps_cpacket   : packets.h 
struct dir_cpacket         : packets.h 
struct youss_spacket       : packets.h 
struct ship_cap_spacket    : packets.h 
struct shield_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct dockperm_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct feature_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct flags_spacket       : packets.h 
struct hostile_spacket     : packets.h 
struct sequence_spacket    : packets.h 
struct kills_s_spacket     : packets.h 
struct kills_spacket       : packets.h 
struct login_cpacket       : packets.h 
struct login_spacket       : packets.h 
struct sequence_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct mask_spacket        : packets.h 
struct sc_sequence_spacket : packets.h 
struct rsa_key_spacket     : packets.h 
struct mesg_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct mesg_s_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct mesg_s_spacket      : packets.h 
struct mesg_spacket        : packets.h 
struct rsa_key_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct motd_spacket        : packets.h 
struct resetstats_cpacket  : packets.h 
struct options_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct orbit_cpacket       : packets.h 
struct outfit_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct packet_handler      : packets.h 
struct reserved_spacket    : packets.h 
struct phaser_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct phaser_s_spacket    : packets.h 
struct phaser_spacket      : packets.h 
struct pickok_spacket      : packets.h 
struct ping_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct ping_spacket        : packets.h 
struct reserved_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct planet_loc_spacket  : packets.h 
struct planet_s_spacket    : packets.h 
struct planet_spacket      : packets.h 
struct planlock_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct plasma_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct plasma_info_spacket : packets.h 
struct plasma_spacket      : packets.h 
struct repress_cpacket     : packets.h 
struct repair_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct player_s2_spacket   : packets.h 
struct player_s_spacket    : packets.h 
struct player_spacket      : packets.h 
struct playlock_cpacket    : packets.h 
struct refit_cpacket       : packets.h 
struct plyr_info_spacket   : packets.h 
struct plyr_login_spacket  : packets.h 
struct practr_cpacket      : packets.h 
struct pstatus_spacket     : packets.h 
struct queue_spacket       : packets.h 
struct quit_cpacket        : packets.h 
struct servers             : parsemeta.c 
enum statusTypes           : parsemeta.c 
struct Sound               : sound.h 
SLIDER                     : stats.c 
RECORD                     : stats.c 
struct phaser              : struct.h 
struct obtype              : struct.h 
struct rsa_key             : struct.h 
struct message             : struct.h 
struct memory              : struct.h 
struct s_line              : struct.h 
struct mctl                : struct.h 
struct macro_list          : struct.h 
struct planet              : struct.h 
struct player              : struct.h 
struct ship                : struct.h 
struct distress_list       : struct.h 
struct shipdef             : struct.h 
struct distress            : struct.h 
struct plasmatorp          : struct.h 
DISTRESS_DESC              : struct.h 
enum dist_type             : struct.h 
struct torp                : struct.h 
struct statentry           : struct.h 
struct stats               : struct.h 
struct key_list            : struct.h 
struct plupdate            : struct.h 
struct status              : struct.h 
struct rank                : struct.h 
struct dmacro_list         : struct.h 
uid_t                      : vmsutils.h 
fd_set                     : vmsutils.h 
W_Callback                 : Wlib.h 
W_Icon                     : Wlib.h 
W_Font                     : Wlib.h 
W_Event                    : Wlib.h 
W_Color                    : Wlib.h 
W_Window                   : Wlib.h 
struct scrollingWindow     : x11window.c 
struct icon                : x11window.c 
struct fontInfo            : x11window.c 
struct colors              : x11window.c 
struct stringList          : x11window.c 
struct window              : x11window.c 
struct windowlist          : x11window.c 
struct menuItem            : x11window.c 
